what's 1979 I get an assignment from
Newsweek magazine to photograph this
author he doesn't like to be
photographed but we do know he picks up
his mail and Windsor Vermont so I waited
and then this Jeep pulls up he gets out
he goes into the post office really
quickly as it came back I got it I got
Salinger the publication of Catcher in
the Rye in 1951 was a revolution there
had not been a voice like that when
you're a kid and you read catcher on the
ride you're just like oh my god somebody
gets it remember that being the first
book your take with you it is a
phenomena how many millions and millions
came to that book the great mystery is
why he stopped
Salinger was a national story shooting
star at the height of that success he
disappears he became the Howard Hughes
of his day mystery we all like a mystery
the Second World War created JD Salinger
there was a lot of mystery about what he
did in the army very few people have
seen as much death Salinger suffered a
nervous breakdown he's got this concrete
bunker where he wished he has a very
fanatical readership if one person used
something I had written as the
justification for killing somebody I'd
say God people are crazy that was
literally living inside of JD Salinger's
of catching a ride but if three people
use something I had written as
justification I would be very very
troubled by
he wanted nothing to come between him
and his characters they were real to him
he moved them about the stage like God
you cannot dismiss the issues of his
private life people heard him people he
trusted he said you have ruined my life
I saw two manuscripts what's in that
vault someone cracks that code man
that's going to be the story of the
century
writing a book is a horrible exhausting
struggle one would never undertake such
a thing if one were not driven by some
demon and he had demons
what is that they're looking at pictures
of themselves let's have a look oh come
on give us a break it was a long time
ago well here's to our mothers God lil
look at that yeah that's it all right
know you smoked now I feel ready since
nothing wrong with that
I'm done mom I'll see you guys tomorrow
you have everything you need
you
hi I don't think he's here I did he come
to see him last night I've caught my
mother coming out of his bedroom
some possible I've probably been
thinking about it for quite a while
wouldn't he say
the whole thing is unacceptable I love
her why can't you leave things as they
are oh my god they're trying to kill
each other
I really want to go back there tonight
can't they see
when you go to your room see you at
yours
I can't remember being this happy scary
you know
I just told the truth
what have we done
the mine
it's a really pleased with yourself
right
are you a really good liar
I will never forgive you for this
I don't want to stop I don't see why we
have to
Ellen importune me Carl Tepera machinery
happy resulted in suntree Chihuahua
spoken about CP
he said he fell ellipses on live and
multiply it will be yet again you see I
oclc
replay we want to play Hosni da fonseca
shop owner
can a pizza moi was situated over
capacity
welcome to the 39th annual typewriting
championship in New York City
deal
the Crown City makes you stand
because of that mushroom
rupa subramanya legit as deck tioga
ticket on
whatever happens no matter what they
tell you when the chains come on
you go in the first five seconds hold
him down fina the party what is
happening Tom what is it what's out
there I don't know hey right let's go
away
whatever they are they've so hard to
kill
yeah let's cut him loose
you're not afraid of the dark I
you fight our patent monopolies we will
make sure you die
they have us as their hostages we are
the trucks the drugs are where the
disease is not to study healthy and well
and not die is not a basic human right
and that's why we have the system we do
have here
they were signing the death warrants for
thousands of people it is a crime not to
use that knowledge to save somebody's
life if you can do it
as long as gods are not available to
everybody he will not
people are dying and the medicines are
in my briefcase how many people can save
two million live lives that you can
count am I the teeth or are they the
thief that's the question I'm asking you
we can never let this happen again we
have made the mightiest industry in the
world shake in its boots
you
look boys that may have another job for
you take raaga they follow so gross
super gross super gross this
neighborhood is on the upswing we could
paint this place today sell it tomorrow
and still make money yes we could
jeepers you're not just a little nervous
in this house hey there's not one thing
to be afraid of in this house what are
you doing up here you can't move into
the Maison de song and not raise a few
eyebrows these aren't de sang what does
it mean oh well that's cool this place
has a nickname already
what is going on right now this house
has had a strange effect on my wife yes
daddy and I think she might be possessed
by a demon zone the little stressed out
be trippin that's so crazy we
have pictures of a ghost dog and a
gruesome crucifixion murder could be the
devil you know could be an ex-girlfriend
on PCP well he's a harpy you guys get a
lot of these need to be surprised stand
up people that think that the devil is
made up like Santa Claus but I assure
you definitely we are going to need some
per diem if we are rapidly sup in time I
kind of want to check out the French
Quarter yeah this is a place where the
girls flesh out there are boobies
yikes college girls taking their perky
brand-new boobs out for a little victory
lap you had me at perky new boobs